JEL-76: Add tooltip in DSM (#18667)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: front-packages/akeneo-design-system/src/components/Tooltip/Tooltip.stories.mdx

import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import {Tooltip} from './Tooltip.tsx';

<Meta
  title="Components/Tooltip"
  component={Tooltip}
  args={{direction: 'top', content: 'Tooltip content'}}
/>

# Tooltip

## Usage

> It’s an complementary information that will help the user better understand what he sees / read (e.g. definition, explication concerning the UI / wording)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s a complementary information that will help the user better understand what he sees / reads (e.g. definition, explication concerning the UI / wording)
```
